Migrate table (#1834)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/table/About.1.doc.mdx

import { Badge } from "terra-table/package.json?dev-site-package";
import DefaultTable from "./Examples/DefaultTable?dev-site-example";

import TablePropsTable from "terra-table/lib/Table?dev-site-props-table";

<Badge />

# Terra Table

> Terra Table is a structural component used to create data tables. Table provides means to handle row selection and hooks for sortable columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra Table is a structural component used to display tabular data. Table provides means to handle row selection and hooks for sortable columns.
```
